something else youtuber welcome to the channel
of channel iphones channel dedicated to
apple world in this short video les
we will teach how to change photo
blackberry messenger profile
very easy growth in the next
video we will show you how to change the
state you can approach in the
procedure in the same way with the
same options but before we invite you
to subscribe to your channel so they are
pending of the new videotutorials
of the apple devices and the
iphone phone you can click there
down where he says subscribe those charges
subscription is completely free and
that way be aware of all
our new videos and can you give us
questions comments suggestions for
change the profile picture simply
let's enter here for the blackberry
messenger
we have click here where it says
my name and my state we click here
about the image as we can see the
I do not have any images
so I click here on the image
of the sample and here below I get two
options one is to replace image and the
another of the three little dots tells me
delete the image in the case that
had an image and just the
would eliminate if we do not like or just
I give click to whom to replace the image
we can take a picture or select a
image
let's select an image of the
Gallery
and we look for an image let's say
may we want to put
anyone can say we are the
adjust
we can expand it
let's expand it and leave it like this and
we are just going to use it
and ready 80 and we return we will see
what is the image that our contacts
is going to see is this so it is simple we can
change again our
our profile picture of the blackberry
pallet for iphone
in this case the iphone 5 s by this
procedure serves for any
iphone phone device which is
you can download the application
blackberry messenger s back for this
video thank you very much for watching our
videos do not forget to subscribe to our
channel and leave the questions comments
suggestions thanks